So there's a couple other areas of design.
If you're building and designing system,
you're gonna wanna to talk about grid
spacing, accessibility,
motion iconography.
Those are just a few other
areas you might see.
And I've linked some design systems at the
end of this, that we'll quickly go over,
And what I like to do if I'm building
something is I like to audit other design
systems and see what they're including and
see what are the things that I need.
Again, you don't need to do all of
these if you don't need them, right?
Like if you're not using motion,
you don't need it.
If you don't have the resources,
it's totally fine.
But accessibility, grid,and spacing and
iconography are gonna be four big
ones that you'll definitely need.
We're not gonna talk
about those today though.
Okay, I think we're ready to
actually design a component.
And then once we design our components,
we're gonna build them, so
let's design them.